---
title: Stratum 2.0.0 Launch - Release Notes
date: 2016-02-23
author: ryan
author_full: Ryan Rich
author_alt: Co-Authors - Josh Ault
tags: PaaS, Stratum, release, new features
---
# Announcing Stratum (2.0.0)

Starting Thursday evening, February 25th 2016 shortly after 10pm, the Catalyze Platform as a Service (PaaS) will be recognized as Stratum, the compliance layer powering healthcare's transformation.

We’ve made some drastic improvements to the CLI, Dashboard, and performance of Stratum. A large focus for us was abstracting certain patterns away from the dashboard in favor of the CLI. Below is a list of all changes coming in version 2.0.0.

### Dashboard

- **A completely revamped user interface:** Our new interface supports standard, mobile, and larger screen widths. We have a brand new color scheme to coincide with the new Stratum product, and we’ve made large efforts in improving readability and contrast throughout the UI.

- **Ability to view important information about your environments:** We’ve added the concept of organizations to our core-api which is extended to the Stratum dashboard. You can now easily identify which organization an environment belongs to right in the dashboard home view. Additionally you can view vital information about your services including sizing and running jobs.

- **The ability to manage users in your environment:** Admins and owners can now manage users for their organization right in the dashboard. With the ability to change roles, invite new users, and delete existing users, admins have unparalleled control over who gets access to their organization.

- **New service details:** Services are the lifeblood of an organization's environment. With the new services view users can see vital metrics, environment variables, and running jobs all from within a single screen.

### CLI

Along with Stratum 2.0.0 comes the Stratum CLI 3.0.0. With this release we’ve put a heavy focus on self-service capabilities. These new self-service commands lay the groundwork for an expansion of functionality in the future and ease of use with the CLI. Outlined below are the new commands in version 3.0.0 as well as updated and removed commands.

**New commands:**

### `certs {create, list, rm, update}`

> The `certs` command group works closely with the `sites` command group. Certs allow you to manage SSL certificates for your environments. There are four subcommands: `certs create`, `certs list`, `certs rm`, and `certs update`.

### `db logs`

> The newest member of the `db` command group is the `db logs` command. This allows you to view logs for historical backup jobs. Logs are normally printed out after any backup job, but if for any reason those are not printed out, you can view them with this command.

### `deploy-keys {add, list, rm}`

> `deploy-keys` is an entirely new command group that allows you to manage shared SSH keys that are attached to a single service. You can upload both private and public SSH keys. Deploy keys are useful for CI/CD workflows and are intended to be shared amongst an organization.

### `invites accept`

> `invites accept` allows you to accept an organization invite from the CLI instead of solely from your browser.

### `keys {add, list, rm, set}`

> Much like the `deploy-keys` command, the `keys` command allows you to manage your personal SSH keys. Only public keys can be uploaded with the `keys` command. These should not be shared with anyone. These keys must be globally unique across Catalyze, but one personal key will give you access to all services and environments you are granted access to.

### `sites {create, list, rm, show}`

> One of the newest concepts introduced in version 3.0.0 are sites. The `sites` command, along with `certs`, is how you manage and configure sites. Sites represent an nginx configuration file along with a `certs` instance that is tied to a single service. These are used for public facing services.

### `ssl resolve`

> Going one step further than the `ssl verify` command, `ssl resolve` will attempt to fix certain issues found with the given SSL certificates rather than just reporting a problem. The `ssl resolve` command will attempt to resolve incomplete certificate chains by downloading any necessary intermediate and root certificates missing in the given chain.

**Updated Commands**

### `metrics`

>The most reworked command in version 3.0.0 is the `metrics` command. You can no longer run the `metrics` command directly but must specify the type of metrics you want to see. Available metrics include CPU, memory, network-in, and network-out metrics. Available commands are `metrics cpu`, `metrics memory`, `metrics network-in`, and `metrics network-out`. The options and flags passed to these commands are identical to the original `metrics` command in versions prior to version 3.0.0.

**Removed Commands**

### `users add`

> With the latest release of the CLI and the supporting APIs, there is no longer a way to add users directly to environments. The `users add` command has been deprecated since version 2.1.2 and is now removed. To add users to your environments, please use the invites send command instead.
