---
title: CLI 3.2.0 Release
date: 2016-07-19
author: josh
author_full: Josh Ault
author_alt:
tags: cli, 3.2.0, stratum, 2.1
---

The launch of Stratum 2.1 brings a big update to the Stratum CLI. Tons of new features like Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) support, release management, and rollbacks give you more control and enhanced security to keep your data safe. Here's a quick look at the newest additions to the CLI in version 3.2.0.

## Nginx Site Values

A commonly requested feature has now made it into the Stratum CLI: customizeable nginx configs. In 3.2.0, the `sites create` command allows you to specify nginx timeouts, enable websockets, or enable CORS support by passing in a few flags. To enable CORS support, run

```
catalyze sites create .example.com code-1 wildcard_example_com --enable-cors
```

Or to set the send and read timeouts, run

```
catalyze sites create .example.com code-1 wildcard_example_com --proxy-read-timeout 60 --proxy-send-timeout 60
```

You can see all available options by running `catalyze sites create --help`. If there's something we're missing, [send us an email](mailto:support@catalyze.io) with a feature request!

## Services and Services Stop

There is a new member of the `services` command group: `services stop`. `services stop` is an easy way to shutdown all components of a given service. This is especially beneficial during a maintenance window that requires all connections to your database to be terminated. Just pass the name of the service you want to stop, perform any necessary tasks, and redeploy. 

```
catalyze services stop code-1
...
catalyze redeploy code-1
```

Be careful using the `services stop` command as it will terminate all instances of your application, all workers, all currently open consoles, and all rake tasks.

Since the `services` command group has grown, the original `services` command has been deprecated and moved to `services list`.

## Clear

The Stratum CLI stores its settings in a file called `.catalyze` in your home directory. This file keeps track of items such as the associated environments, session information, available pods, etc. Editing this file is now managed with the `clear` command. The `clear` command allows you to specify individual settings to remove in order to help alleviate any inconsistencies your local install may have. To remove your session information, run

```
catalyze clear --session
```

Or to remove all associated environments and the default environment, run

```
catalyze clear --environments --default
```

Or to just remove all settings

```
catalyze clear --all
```

## Releases and Rollback

You can now manage your application deployments with the `releases` and `rollback` commands. Every time you perform a `git push catalyze master`, a new release will automatically be created. Run 

```
catalyze releases list code-1
```

to list all releases for the given service. The currently running release will have an `*` next to it.

If a recent deployment didn't go as planned, just rollback to an earlier release.

```
catalyze rollback code-1 EXAMPLE_RELEASES_NAME
```

In a few moments the previous version of your application will be up and running. The rollback command does not manage any database migrations that have been applied. It is your responsibility to ensure your database is in a consistent and proper state when rolling back to an earlier version. Read the full releases and rollback guide [here](TODO-LINK-TO-THAT-POST).

## Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)

Version 3.2.0 of the Stratum CLI comes with full support for accounts with MFA enabled. When your session expires, you'll be prompted to input a new One-Time Password (OTP) to retrieve a new session. Check out the [MFA guide](https://resources.catalyze.io/stratum/articles/guides/enable-multi-factor-auth/) and [troubleshooting guide](https://resources.catalyze.io/stratum/articles/mfa-troubleshooting/) for detailed information on how to enable MFA for your account.

## How do I download the update?

Updating your CLI is easy. In fact, it's automatic! Your CLI will automatically update to version 3.2.0. But if not, you can always run `catalyze update` to get the latest and greatest.

Be sure to check out the [full release notes](https://github.com/catalyzeio/cli/releases/tag/3.2.0) to see everything that's changed. Let us know what you think by dropping us an [email](mailto:hello@catalyze.io)!
